Open Lab, choose New agent, and start the guided creation flow.
C02
Choose From prompt to describe the Agent directly, or From chats to include examples of the work it should handle.
C04
For this Account Health Agent, state its purpose and select three chats that show the facts, risks, and answer format it should use.
C06
The first button only opens this review. Nothing is shared until you approve the selected chats on this screen.
C07
Check the Agent's purpose, expected behavior, supporting chats, and the checks OpenPond will run before continuing to its plan.
C08
The right side panel asks how the Agent should prioritize conflicting account risks.
C09
Review the proposed name, chat behavior, direct actions, and outputs, then confirm or edit the plan.
C10
OpenPond checks the Agent against the Account Health examples, so saving it depends on verified behavior instead of a plausible-looking draft.
C11
After the checks pass, the Agent is saved to your Profile and is ready to use.
C12
The Agent page shows its purpose, chat entrypoint, and runnable account actions.